>> Mike North: We've already
touched on objects little bit.
They're kind of, object types here,
they look kind of like object values,
except instead of key value,
you have key type.
I use Prettier to format my code,
which is why I get the semi-colon here.
I like this because looking at this,
the fact that there's a semi-colon, it's
one more thing that helps me understand,
this is not a value, this is just a type.
>> Mike North: By default,
all properties are mandatory.
So we get an error here saying,
streetName is missing in type houseNumber.
Well, I've got an example
of the error done here,
streetName is missing in this but
it's required in type that.
And I want you to imagine this as
TypeScript at that equal sign,
trying to figure out a way to
make the left hand side and
the right hand side agree in terms of,
are these types compatible?
On the right hand side, we just have
houseNumber, on the left, streetName, so
that's why you're seeing the error
message represented in this way.
If you really wanted to make something
optional, and this is not a bad thing,
I typically use this if I have
a function that takes a big options bag,
big options object.
Just use the question mark.
Question mark like it may be there,
it may not be there.
And you see here we don't
run into that problem.
We could totally add it.
>> Mike North: I need a comma.
streetName, there it is.
>> Mike North: So
it's just streetName is empty string,
it's a pretty exclusive address.
But if I wanted to have another thing
there that's not present on the type,
I'd be busted for it.
There is no x,
why would you put it there, right?
>> Mike North: We'll go into
interfaces in pretty deep detail.
For now, I just want you to think
of an interface as a name for
one of these structures
that we're creating, right?
For now, you can think of it as
only working with object types.
There are other things we can do to
make it work with things like functions.
But all we are doing here is we
are creating a name, address,
that we can use anywhere that
we were using a type before.
And you can import and export interfaces
from modules just like values.